---
layout: post
title:  "Hello, old friend"
description: ""
date:   2020-12-13 14:46:34 -0800
author: Matt Sears
categories: misc
---

It's nice to see you again. One of the toughest part of writing for me is taking
the time to actually write. An unfortunate side effect of running a company (for
me anyway) is the sheer amount focus it demands in order to maintain the level
of successful and serve my clients the best way I can. <!--more-->

It's become an annual tradition around the holiday break, coincidentally enough,
when I have more time available, I always return to my personal blog with the
usual promise to myself that I'm going to really write more in the new year. and
want to not only write, but redesign this website with the latest trends and
whatever.

But this time it's different! Sorta. I do plan on having some more time this
coming year and as I write this now, I feel the pleasure of writing and
expressing my thoughts and I'm renewed with that energy once again. It could be
that I've been in mostly in isolation in 2020 and not able to talk to co-workers
and friends as once freely before, but I will take what I can get.

Speaking of renewal and fresh starts. I've moved this site over to
[Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) with Github providing the hosting. Why have I
not used Jekyll before? I'm not sure, so far it's been a great little tool to
suits my needs perfectly with free hosting from Github to boot. I'm also using
Github actions to automatically build the website and publish to Github Pages
automatically. So now, I just have to push my updates to the master branch and
the website is updated within minutes. So there's really no excuse to write.

In addition, I'm also using [Tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com/) to make this
website look clean and pretty on any device. My overall impression of Tailwind
is that it's really really good. It's allowed me to construct this website
writing very little css which means I'm spending way less time on it. It's
really brought the fun back in punching out websites quickly.

Okay okay, enough with the technical talk which reminds me of my other goal -
writing about topics that don't have to do with business or technology. What
that will be? Not sure. Maybe some traveling I'm doing, music that I'm listening
to, or some cool photos I took. Like this one:

{% picture seattle-skyline.jpg %}

With that in mind, I've renamed the blog section from Articles to Journal as way
to always reminding me that every "article" doesn't need to win the Pulitzer.
